Sergei Lishchenko
 3rd degree connection
· 3rd
Transformation via disruptive innovation
JAN 3, 2020
Sergei Lishchenko sent the following message at 5:44 PM
View Sergei’s profileSergei Lishchenko
Sergei Lishchenko  5:44 PM
Backend Engineer at Orbis Systems: Next Steps
Hello,

Thank you for applying to our Backend Engineer position. We reviewed your resume and it looks good. Next step in our hiring process is a coding challenge. Please take a look at the attached assignment and let me know if you would like to take it on. It can be submitted anytime next week.

Thank you,
Sergei
Download Backend Engineer Challenge (DXI).pdf
Backend Engineer Challenge (DXI).pdf
83 KB


Download

You've let Sergei know you'd like to learn more about this opportunity.
Deepa Gopalarathnam sent the following messages at 6:52 PM
View Deepa’s profileDeepa Gopalarathnam
Deepa Gopalarathnam (She/Her)  6:52 PM
Hi there,
I very much have the knowledge of how to go about doing this project ! I have done similar ones in the past !
However my goto language is java!
I have to do a fast tutorial of python !
Thanks a lot ,
Good day ,
Regards Deepa
P.S.Thanks for forwarding this project to me !
Happy new year !
FEB 1, 2020
View Deepa’s profileDeepa Gopalarathnam
Deepa Gopalarathnam (She/Her)  4:09 AM
👋, Good morning,
I was manually able to open up the pdf pages and get the top ten holdings for any specific etf and it’s sector weights . However I am unable to complete this project .
Thank you for the opportunity,
Have a great weekend,
Regards
Deepa
FEB 2, 2020
View Deepa’s profileDeepa Gopalarathnam
Deepa Gopalarathnam (She/Her)  2:10 AM
https://github.com/deepa-project/Orbis_Interview

deepa-project/Orbis_Interview
github.com
FEB 7, 2020
Sergei Lishchenko sent the following message at 10:18 AM
View Sergei’s profileSergei Lishchenko
Sergei Lishchenko  10:18 AM
Hi, we do not see source code
Deepa Gopalarathnam sent the following messages at 10:27 AM
View Deepa’s profileDeepa Gopalarathnam
Deepa Gopalarathnam (She/Her)  10:27 AM
I have a friend ( husband Shankar😀)- more of an experts in web scraping and Data analysis and research ( has been the moderator for R forum in Indianapolis area and is ventured into the python web scraping world too)- says that the website is giving pop ups when he tried the ‘ Selenium’ package - he said he shall tutor me on the web scraping part after he himself has achieved results !
As hovby
Technically he is a research scientist
JUN 10, 2020
View Deepa’s profileDeepa Gopalarathnam
Deepa Gopalarathnam (She/Her)  3:54 PM
Respected Sir,
Humble apologies for the abruptly ending email !
I am unable to complete the project as I had been taking care of the house . I need time to explore the various technologies that are available at my disposal for web scraping though I may eventually end up agreeing with my husband ( he chose selenium ) as he is usually tech savvy and smart about these things and web scraping is his hobby of sorts !
My kitchen has a serious-water damage situation and we have four big construction size air blowers running 24/7 by the repair people in our house .
I need a change of place to concentrate on any job that I may come across that needs my research work to be done .
I do admit that I have a kiddo and a bunny to take care of .

I shall get back to you with any progress I make - I did come up with a lot of visualization s- such as how does the commodities of an etf change over a course of ten years and what was the current news at that time ( tsunami, pandemic etc ).
I am yet unable to portray the same ,
Have a great day ,
Regards
Deepa
P.S any easier job , please do let me know
OCT 5, 2020
View Deepa’s profileDeepa Gopalarathnam
Deepa Gopalarathnam (She/Her)  9:16 PM
Respected Sir!
I have been very busy doing house work during the covid 19 quarantine and still am , other than taking cate of son , and hence could not sit and concentrate on the web project you gave me . However I am desperately searching for jobs , possibly in the Seattle area , and have upped my linked in resume by passing many skill sets . A few interviews have come by too ! Please would you be able to help me on that !
Thanks and regards
Deepa
P.S currently learning python as a programming language - it is quite different in its structure than the more traditional ones like c, Cplusplus and Java - yet to learn how to use selenium or even beautiful soup!
Thanks and regards
Deepa



Attach an image to your conversation with
Attach a file to your conversation with

Open GIF Keyboard

Open Emoji Keyboard
